hey guys today I'm hanging out in the
Taco Bell parking lot because they just
launched a new menu called the cantina
power menu all the items are 500
calories or less and all of them have
over 20 grams of protein so I'm gonna
eat something and then go hit the gym
I'm kidding no but I'll probably go to
yoga later
Taco Bell has always been my favorite
fast-food restaurant and they keep just
bringing out new lower calorie menu
items and I'm like stop a Taco Bell I'm
trying to eat you less why you gotta be
so good
don't you know I'm trying to eat healthy
I ordered the two lowest items off the
new Cantina power menu and that is the
chick Jake Jake is a said chicken
chicken and steak combo the steak and
the chicken Cantina of burritos the
chicken is 460 calories and the steak is
470 calories and they both have 29 grams
of protein I don't know which one this
is but they're both this size they're
huge this is this is enormous this
should be enough to fill you up but does
it taste good steak huh it's actually
quite good it looks like it's got some
steak some cheese some pico de gallo
some lettuce and sour cream which I got
I have sour cream so for under 500
calories you can get a major protein
shot right here in this burrito so
that's the steak now I'm gonna try the
chicken it looks just like the steak
let's hope it doesn't taste like steak I
think the flavor of the steak Cantina
burrito is better than the chicken this
new Cantina power menu also features a
few bowls
but the bowls are higher in calories I'm
guessing that's because maybe they put
rice in them or beans I'm not sure but I
just wanted to give you the lowdown on
the two lowest calorie items so you know
what to expect when you go but I think
you should expect is the chicken to not
taste as great as the state so there you
have it guys now you are informed and
can make a wise choice or just order a
case or eat oh it's up to you
a Taco Bell no that was not my message
you have another message